hi everyone I'm lei parla the real run
for Pele and you're watching arsenal fan
TV max what's going on man what's
happened you can say there's a dinosaur
but I'll pay for it is Chinese dragon
now listen that's a pretty confident
performance by the asshole today yes it
is before the guys think this
meaningless getting a boring game as you
expected before but it tended to be very
very very good going one fantastic water
from our romsey another girl from from
Jenkinson who is bona fide guna coming
to us seeing us in his heirs we say
something ourselves in his hair you know
that's fantastic feeling the connection
between us and hanging now you know it's
stupid question but you excited next
week that you noticed you know the
seasons finish button we still got it
were to play for next week sometimes
it's ridiculous sometimes you know will
you go to the final wake of the season
like man city can when delay or we're
going to the next weekend to finish the
season on a high you'll realize well
football's not only about winning
something well we need to win something
the last game the season is definitely
wonderful we learn something but
football is all about sometimes all
about the weekend after weekend we guess
I'm hoping our lives I want to wake up
in the morning on saturday on Sunday we
going every week after week that's
something something I stakes more
important you're like this going we
didn't expect something like this happen
but you know the final week is fantastic
but you know every week is wherever it
is the most important thing give us a
prediction for next week I don't get
expectation hey you don't know I don't
we win yes yes what by what candle you
know kind of fashion I don't really know
about to be honest I really hope we come
one out to every 72 everything to pray
that we come weirdest ones again if we
win no I won't listen this one's needs
just one off a body pump remark it's
three Pawn I'm soda way tonight after
going back home no no when you've got a
weird again no next weekend I'm
preparing to dye my hair right now why
I'm Chinese but i would like to
sacrifice my hair once in my life